---
title: 'Sci&Tech Innovation Center (STI) of HUST'
date: 2015-08-14
permalink: /posts/2012/08/Sci&Tech Innovation Center (STI)/
tags:
  - cool posts
  - category1
  - category2
---

From March 2014 to September 2015, I studied in Electrical and Electronic Technology Innovation Center of HUST, taking courses including Fundamental of Electronic & Electrical Engineering 4, 6. In the Center (or STI), I learned basic device selection, hardware schematic diagram, PCB layout design, artificial copper clad board making and other hardware skills, which contribute to the participation in the National Undergraduate Electronics Design Contest in the summer vacation.

During the training, I was required to complete a circuit design task on a weekly basis, including Double LDO differential amplifier, High precision AD/DA circuit, IIR Digital Filter, FPGA DDS output, Wideband wide power amplifier, and other basic circuits.
In the summer of 2014, from July to August, I learned Xilinx FPGA programming, the VerilogHDL language application and Xilinx ISE operation. 

From September 2014 to July 2015, I learned PCB circuit design and operation of Altuim Designer. Besides, I acquired C51 single-chip microcomputer skills with C language. 

In July and August 2015, I was trained at the Electrical and Electronic Technology Innovation Center for the National Undergraduate Electronics Design Contest. The contents of the training include producing Wide-band DC amplifier, simple digital signal transmission performance analyzer, and simple digital oscilloscope.
 


Headings are cool
======

You can have many headings
======

Aren't headings cool?
------
