---
title: 'electric intelligent warning system'
date: 2016-03-16
permalink: /posts/2016/03/16/electric intelligent warning system/
tags:
  - cool posts
  - category1
  - category2
---
This project is an equipment of high voltage approach electric intelligent warning system, which mainly contains two parts: electric field detection device and intelligent early warning device. The electric field detection device and the intelligent early warning device are connected by wireless communication. The early warning system can accurately detect and indicate the distance between the vehicles or people in the vicinity of the high-voltage power equipment and the dangerous boundary.
The project was completed by four students. As the captain of the project, I was in charge of the design of the measurement and voltage signal conversion circuit, the PCB Design tests and report writing.
The electric field induction module in the electric field detection device contains electric field induction antenna. When it is in an alternating electric field, and there exists a potential difference between the two ends, an alternating current is induced. The signal output end is connected to the input end of the signal processing module. The signal processing module operates following the instructions of the microprocessor control module. In the process. the signal is amplified by different multiplier, and the input alternating signal is converted to the voltage RMS and the trigger signal of the same frequency, given to the control module of the microprocessor. The wireless communication module in the electric field detection device can communicate with the intelligent early warning device. The power management module can supply power to electric field detection device through a lithium battery or a DC power supply. The microprocessor control module manages all the electric field detection device, sending detection data to the intelligent early warning device and receiving the control instructions.
The intelligent early warning device comprises a wireless communication module, a GSM communication module, a user input and display module, a power management module and a microprocessor control module.
The wireless communication module can communicate with the communication module of the electric field detection device, receiving data and sending instructions, and the GSM communication module can send early warning information to the predetermined phone number in the case of early warning and receive corresponding messages by SMS. The user input and display module integrates the input and output elements such as buttons, LED lights, buzzer, etc. to realize user setting and security warning. The power management module and the microprocessor control module are the same as those mentioned in the electric field detection device
