---
title: 'Design of the Driving System of a Driveless Car'
date: 2017-11-24
permalink: /posts/2017/11/24/car
tags:
  - Project
  - Hardwork
  - Softwork
---

This project is aimed for designing a six-wheel-drive unmanned electric vehicle, in which my main job is to devise a controller that contains the actuating and controlling circuit of each motor and the protection circuit of DC Bus and temperature. And that means I need to work on and draw the schematic diagram of all the circuits mentioned above, part of the PCB layout and component packaging. In addition, I need to make a high-frequency transformer, assist in designing a metal shell for the controller which meets the IP67 waterproof requirements and complete the hardware debugging and testing job.

Each in-wheel motor controller includes three parts—control panel, driving and voltage sampling panel and intelligent power module (IPM). The DSP28335 chip is used as the main control chip for every controller. The control panel is mainly for outputting PWM waveform and communicating through RS485 with the upper machine and the temperature monitoring panel. The driving and voltage sampling panel contains 15V and 5V power supply, with which it samples the voltage of DC Bus and uses optocouplers to isolate the PWM output signal from the control panel. The temperature monitoring panel is used for protect the whole controller from over voltage and temperature.

Headings are cool
======

You can have many headings
======

Aren't headings cool?
------
